## H64-H64

H64

Codec for <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crypt_(Unix)">Unix Crypt</a>-style encoding.  While similar to
Base64, it is not compatible with Base64.
This implementation is based on encoding algorithms found in the Apache Portable Runtime library's
<a href="http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/apr/apr/trunk/crypto/apr_md5.c?revision=HEAD&view=markup">apr_md5.c</a>
implementation for its {@code crypt}-style support.  The APR team in turn received inspiration for its encoding
implementation based on FreeBSD 3.0's {@code /usr/src/lib/libcrypt/crypt.c} implementation.  The
accompanying license headers have been retained at the top of this source file.
This file and all that it contains is ASL 2.0 compatible.

### toShort-暂无说明

暂无说明

#### 方法入参

| 字段 | 说明 | 字段类型 |
|:---|:---|:---|
| b |  | 字节 |

#### 方法出参

| 说明 | 类型 |
|:---|:---|
|  | short |

### toInt-暂无说明

暂无说明

#### 方法入参

| 字段 | 说明 | 字段类型 |
|:---|:---|:---|
| bytes |  | 数组 |
| offset |  | 整型 |
| numBytes |  | 整型 |

#### 方法出参

| 说明 | 类型 |
|:---|:---|
|  | int |

### append-Appends the specified character into the buffer, rethrowing any encountered

Appends the specified character into the buffer, rethrowing any encountered
{@link IOException} as an {@link IllegalStateException} (since this method is used for internal
implementation needs and we only ever use StringBuilders, we should never encounter an IOException).

#### 方法入参

| 字段 | 说明 | 字段类型 |
|:---|:---|:---|
| buf | the | java.lang.Appendable |
| c | the | 字符 |

#### 方法出参

| 说明 | 类型 |
|:---|:---|
|  |  |

### encodeAndAppend-Encodes the specified integer to {@code numChars} H64-compatible characters and appends them into {@code buf}.

Encodes the specified integer to {@code numChars} H64-compatible characters and appends them into {@code buf}.

#### 方法入参

| 字段 | 说明 | 字段类型 |
|:---|:---|:---|
| value | the | 整型 |
| buf | the | java.lang.Appendable |
| numChars | the | 整型 |

#### 方法出参

| 说明 | 类型 |
|:---|:---|
|  |  |

### encodeToString-Encodes the specified bytes to an {@code H64}-encoded String.

Encodes the specified bytes to an {@code H64}-encoded String.

#### 方法入参

| 字段 | 说明 | 字段类型 |
|:---|:---|:---|
| bytes | 字节数组 | 数组 |

#### 方法出参

| 说明 | 类型 |
|:---|:---|
| 结果 | java.lang.String |




